SIDE QUESTS
1. DJ MasterFunc- there is a self-styled DJ who absolutely loves old music, of all kinds. If you find him music, he'll not only pay you, but he'll play it on the radio.
Part one: meeting DJ MasterFunc. He is a fixed encounter at the first music store the player finds, and he is rummaging through crates of old CDs, records, and tapes. The player can talk to him, and has the option to be friendly and take the quest, rude and take the quest, or to rob him (and of course, kill him), though that would end the quest.
Part two: delivering music. Any time music is found, the player can take it to DJ Masterfunc. He'll take working computers and phones, mp3s, CDs, casettes, and vinyls, but he pays more per song and won't pay for repeats

2. The Kegley Cup- there is a wealthy mayor who wants to see a professional ice hockey league inbetween cities, like the good old days. He'll comission you to go around to nearby settlements and encourage them to build better hockey arenas, and assemble pro teams to play the local teams at his settlement. Many settlements are in far too dire of straits in order to afford pro sports, so some settlements may need mini-quests to be done in order to build them up well enough to start a pro hockey team. Once completed, your pay is based on the number of teams you brought into the league, the quality of their arenas, and the quality of the teams- if you encourage a settlement to just send 5 40 year olds to play in the league, he won't pay you much.

3. Mind of Chef- An older woman is looking to compile a cookbook full of the best recipes known to humankind. She would travel herself, but she's far too old. She's already put all of her own recipes into the book, but she wants it to be the best cookbook of all time, so she wants you to help by traveling the wasteland to find the best recipes, and cooking them for her to try. If the recipes you bring aren't good, or if you cook them poorly, she'll be upset and not pay you as much. It's possible to kill her by giving her 2 burnt meals in a row.

4. Join the Red/blue hood - after coming upon a cross fire between the red and blue hood you decide to help out one side. Alternatively, the players could try to bring them together peacefully, or encourage them to fight in a "rumble" that wipes out both places and lets the players steal everything.
                              part 1 (the crossfire)- whichever side survives the fight is the side you can join(mostly influenced by character)
                              part 2 (intiation)- the winning side will take you to the leader of their hood. he will ask if you want to join. 
                              part 3 (join or fight)- you either have to join or the hood will try to kill you. The players can talk their way out of this, at which point they could encourage both sides to settle their differences once and for all in a giant battle, or they can try to make the two sides get into peace talks. A speech failure at any time leaves the players with the choice to join or fight their way out.

5. A Conspiracy behind the end of the world- everyone thinks that the Earth's rotation got slowed down by the asteroid 100 years ago, but it may have been <Evil Corporation that Needs a Name or maybe the government> to blame. In <settlement> the player meets a woman whose <family member> worked at the corporation and recently passed away. She remembers the family member mentioning a family portrait that was kept on their desk, and she wants you to retrieve it. Upon approaching the headquarters, a crazy-looking man in a tin foil hat approaches you and warns that there are secrets you can't be allowed to know in the building. One of the players can sneak around and go in while the other talks to him, the player talking to him can convince him to let you go in, or he can be killed. Inside the building, records show that <whoever> was doing experiments to use the roatation of the Earth do generate elecricity, but they aren't complete enough to know whether or not they or the asteroid is at fault. Bringing the photograph back gives a huge reward, but the quest doesn't end. You can accuse her family of ruining the planet and extort her for more money or make her go herself to find out (and get killed), or you can not. Upon leaving town, more crazy tinfoil hatted people approach. If you killed the other one, then they attack on site. Talking to them or killing them and reading a note on their bodies reveals that they are to take you to their leader at a secret location. If they are alive, the players can agree to go peacefully, which fast-travels them there, they can talk their way out of it (making them leave), or they can refuse, leading to a fight. The secret headquaters is actually a comic book store, where many rare items can be looted. The leader of the tin foil hat people is a teenaged boy in his pajamas, who reveals himself to be a super-genius who has recreated the blueprints for the energy-sapping technology. He admits to being impressed by our adventurers- either because of their combat prowess (if they wereviolent at any point) or their wit. He makes an offer for you- go to the three biggest settlements (if you haven't discovered them he reveals them) and negotiate a deal with them for the blueprints, and take 50% of the profit. He has previously tried, but they didn't believe him. Then, the players have some choices- go and negotiate a deal like he wants, go and negotiate multiple deals and pocket the money (which will cause all the cities involved and the tinfoil people to come after you, and you can weasel your way out of it by turning the cities on the tinfoil people, which ends the quest), or accuse him of trying to sell fake blueprints. That final option goes down a dialog tree with several potential results- he changes his offer to 20% of the profit from negotiating a deal, the players are attacked by some of the hardest enemies in the game, or they pressure him into admitting that he hasn't tried the blueprints and that he can't know if they work or not. He'll reveal this after the players come back with a deal if they didn't get it out of him before. From here, they can accuse him of being a fraud and extort him (or not), and they can go back to the headquarters to try and get the parts for a prototype. Now, the headquarters is overrun by zealots who believe their god sent them to the headquarters to settle. They can be convinced to let the players in or even to go get the parts for the player, or they can be killed (which should be tough, there are a lot of them). Bringing the parts back allows the boy to build a small prototype of the machine, and it turns out that it does work after some slight changes. The players can then take the machine to the settlement they made a deal with (avoiding bandits) and get paid even more, eding the quest.

6. The big one- at the submerged high school village, there is a fisherman that other people say is crazy who claims to have seen the "big one"- and that it bit off his leg. His memory is hazy because it was so long ago, but he claims that it was off the coast of <place 1>. Going there and fishing to the bottom catches a big fish, which the players can bring to him and sell for much more than anywhere else, but he says that wasn't the one, and that the fish was actually at <place 2> which is farther away and more dangerous to get to. This repeats several times, until eventually he tells you that he'll show you where the big one was, and he leads the players there. This is the hardest fishing segment in the game and needs to be specially designed for the task. Both players' hooks need to get the big one in order to bring it up, and upon bringing it up a combat scene is opened where the players need to kill it. Killing it makes the fishermansignificantly less crazy, and afterwards citizens of his town won't accuse him of being crazy anymore, he gifts the players with special fishing rods, and he will give good prices on all fish- not just the bottom/biggest ones. After completing the quest, big ones will occasionally spawn at the locations where he claimed to have seen it before.

7. "Captain" Crow- A man who calls himself Crow stumbled upon an old restaurant with a pirate ship inside it and apparently lost his mind. He dresses as a pirate, and gathered a small group of followers who "pirate" from the nearby town of Peachtree- abduct people and hold them for randsom, streal things, and destroy the levies keepingwater from flooding. The quest begins when the players first discover Peachtree, because upon first seeing the settlement Crow and his men are actively abducting several people and running away into the distance. Entering the town reveals a man named <name>, sitting on the ground crying. His wife and 2 children were abducted by Crow, and there is no way that he could afford the randsom. The quest can go any number of directions, and the players have several choices for how to approach this.
A) If the players have enough (of the right kind of) money, they can simply pay the randsom. Finding Crow's Lair and offering the requested randsom will accomplish this. Crow can be haggled down to a lower price, but failing a skill check makes him slaughter the hostages. If the players succeed, returning to Peachtree leads the man to give them a gift- a family heirloom (some legendary item that he might have) and allow the players to stay at his home at any time.
B) The players can go to the mayor and convince him to have the city pay the randsom with tax money. If this succeeds, the family is returned home and the players can stay at the man's house but don't get the legendary item.
C) Crow and his men can be killed in a brilliant rescue mission. This is easily the most difficult route. Crow himself uses a frontloading pipe pistol and a legendary sword.
D) Crow can be convinced to sail the seas instead. Crow can be convinced to travel to Shipwright High, where he will commission a ship and sail off into the sea, never to be seen again. If this option is taken, then he lets the family go free and the players get to stay at the man's house and get the legendary item. The next time the players go to Shipwright High, they get to see Crow and his men set off to sea.
E) Upon meeting Crow, there will be a dialog option to ask him if he is looking for any help, which may or may not work. If it works, he will tell you of his plan to rob Peachtree's treasury, which he says has more than enough money saved up to stop him and his men from pirating forever, as well as having a cut for you. The cut can be negotiated. When the players go to Crow and say they're ready to go, they will go together to destroy a levy and steal the hoard, which it turns out is as large as Crow promised. It turns out Crow used to work for the mayor of Peachtree and was furious that none of the treasure hoard actually got used to improve the lives of the people before he lost his mind.
i) Crow can be convinced to reveal this to the people, spreading wealth among them like some kind of piratey Robin Hood, in which case the player doens't lose reputation here and the mayor is kicked out of town (and becomes a random encounter). The players don't get anything special from the man for rescuing his family
ii) Crow can be allowed to go on his merry way, and it turns out he doesn't actually retire, just to expand his operations to elsewhere, leading to random encounters with Crow and his men and the players not being allowed to return to Peachtree
F) the family doesn't survive- either negotiations with Crow go poorly at any point, or they are killed in the raid against Peachtree for its treasure hoard, and the man is absolutely distrught, losing all of his dialog options.

8. Epigenetic episode- set up at one of the colleges in town (not the main one that we're randomizing, which we're basing off of GT, but a smaller one in town), there are a group of scientists, presumably children of scientists from the old days, who are trying to study why animals have mutated and what exaclt has changed about them. They give the players a laundy list of loot to bring them- fur from spiny bears, gatorsaur wings, etc. Bringing them everything they ask for gives each player an animal recognition guide, which can be sold for a serious profit or referenced at will. Throughout the quest, more about how animals might have been mutated by the asteroid gets explained.

9. Election Day- The capitol region is about to have elections for governor. Since they still think of themselves as the state of Georgia, they want to collect votes from around the area in order to have a "fair" election. What they want you to do is go around to all of the settlements they know about and set up polling stations. Once you do this and report back, they want you to go back and collect the votes. Almost all of them are epmpty, and many of the votes that there actually are are insults or jokes. Once you've collected the votes and return to the capitol, a shady character comes to you and offers you a significant amount of money to stuff the ballots in favor of his candidate- the challenger. Regardless of whether or not you agree, the incumbent wins by a landslide.
A) if you don't accept the money, you get paid from the governor himself, which is about 1/10th what you would get from the bribe. You suffer no consequences and can do more quests for the US gov't remnants.
B) if you accept the money, the briber gets caught, and you get questioned. If you can wiggle your way out of the situation, you get off scot free, with significantly more money and can continue to do quests.
C) if you accept the money but can't snake ot of trouble, then you get banished from the capitol region and national guard troops are always hostile on sight.
D) if you attempt to kill the briber and fail, he will tell the governor that you tried to stuff the ballots, that he tried to stop you, and that you tried to kill him to keep him quiet. The players then get separated and interrogated at the same time. If both players can be convincing enough, they get off and the briber goes to jail.
E) if the players are extra convincing at their interrogations, they get to have half of the bribe money (a quarter each)
F) if the interrogations go poorly, the players may get heavily fined, banished, or jailed.
G) If the players can successfully kill the briber, then they get attacked by the rival candidate and his gang. Successfully warding them off lets the players get to keep the bribe money and continue quests.

10. From Petrolia with Love- The governor suspects that someone in his cabinet is leaking information to Petrolia, because shipments keep getting raided by Petrolian troops almost perfectly. Because of their behaviors with the votes (in order to d othis quest, the players need to have not taken the money and gotten banished, meaning either they did the "right" thing or they convinced the government that they did), the governor especially trusts the two players, and wants them to investigate.

11. One flew over the Cuckoo's Nestor- The prester of Nestor is trying to pass a budget, but one of the elders refuses to speak to him over ideological differences and they need a unanimous vote- the elder wants to send "missionaries" out into the world to take over nearby settlements and convert them. This can be solved several different ways- secretly killing the elder, convincing the elder to make a compromise (either to overthrow the prester, settle him down to send peaceful missionaries), or covincing the prester that the one elder has the right ideas.

12. Bill's- complete a series of fetch quests for Bill at and around his junkyard

13. There's Gold in them Hills- the players run into the corpse of a gangster. He's carryign a note explaining that there's a big score to be had "in them hills". Exploring around the nearby area reveals a park that has been partially dug up (with a grifter waiting to attack you there) and also a jewelry store buried under a toppled billboard for Hill's Furniture. Inside is an almost entirely intact jewelry store, full of rings, watches, and other valuables that can be pocketed and resold elsewhere.

14. Don Quijote de la Georgia- the players encounter with a man clad in pots and pans. It's a random encounter, he's not tied to a specific location. He is looking for gas stations...he believes the pumps are rows of soldiers from an invading country, and that his king has sent him to kill these foreginers. There are several options to take from here- claim to be from this rival country and battle him to the death on the spot, try to convince him that gas pumps are actually something that used to fuel cars, or accompany him on his quest.

15. Not a drop to drink- training mission. The homestead needs water- the condensation system they were uing broke, and repairing it will take time. You need to go down to the pond to get water, then get firewood to boil it.

16. Market day- training mission. Harvest the vegetables growing at the homestead and bring them to a nearby settlement to trade. 